---
layout: post
title: "Why I'm voting for Biden"
date: 2020-05-15
---
I am voting for Biden because elections have consequences. If Trump gets another term it will be the end to any progressive legislation for the next generation.

I had a college Political Science professor post this comment:

National elections are first and foremost about policy choices that will impact millions of people's lives. Case in point, the "election" of George Bush over Al Gore in 2000 resulted in profoundly consequential policy differences. A few hundred votes in Florida (and the pre-election suppression of thousands of others) resulted in the U.S. withdrawing from the Kyoto Protocol to reduce CO2 emissions, a massive tax cut for the wealthy that wiped out an historic budget surplus, and an illegal and disastrous war in Iraq. All of those choices would have gone differently under a Gore administration.

In 2004, Al Gore was accused of sexual assault by a masseuse in Oregon. I am not in a position to judge whether the accusation was true. I hope it wasn't. I worked for Al Gore as a Senate intern and have admired him for decades as a champion of the environment. If he did what he was accused of, it would be sorely disappointing. It also would not alter my conviction that the dubious election of George W. Bush was catastrophic.

For many people, elections are understandably personalized. We obsess over a candidate's character because we vote for symbols. We want our politicians to represent our values and identities, in their personal lives as well as their policies.

But politics is a muddy affair. Being an upright person is no guarantee of being an effective leader. Jimmy Carter has proven to be a more inspiring Sunday School teacher than a president. On the other hand, persons of deeply flawed character may be catalysts of tremendous public good. Profoundly disturbing information has come to light about Martin Luther King's personal behavior, yet it in no way discredits what he accomplished as a civil rights leader.

If presidential elections were just beauty contests, or if their purpose were merely to choose the person we find most admirable, or least disgusting, I probably wouldn't vote very often. But as a citizen, I don't have the luxury to hold elections hostage to my moral outrage. Too much is at stake for our country and the world.

I think it perfectly encapsulates what an election can mean and if you chose to vote third party or skip the election you should be fully informed of what it means.

If you can't see whats at stake you are a fool.

Permalink: <https://www.reddit.com/r/GamerGhazi/comments/gacx1x/womens_groups_go_silent_on_biden_assault/fozma17/>
